inmple iormaonnd qte
finciadocuntsyouiednis tt crect.
So y lie to nancl
ie
ans
Soe'vestabshed y o you
tas youot of ban and you
Congss it sms tmehat
li aut wheyou std to inre' not t
om it
nod thaeach oyourrime
quot.
chacteriics th dection
persal ged and aition
yrppeanceere tay
rema in t spotlht f your b youro
persalenefit
rebiliteourmage fm
xi Ver banks Waner a all
trutul m byppearing bore
ble news.
yo sry and thionrned you cld bun
congreional plaoru
Su use a dire to ma mon
So c you c betnderath
That y heo.
Pursue a bk
Or mie dea bed o you
periens wkingor t
Onyou nnot cmito mangentinaudie]
mone off oe
.
two paso yo questio the
firstarty
h
oken tpeople regding a
possleooke
sohte outegarng mov whoe
alo didt ask u if you
te us if
nodo that noand I wldmt uer bh
ay
commtary for a maj nshat
networ bedr
exrienceorki forhe
presidt [audi]
.
n you comt uer oath tt
uill not pursuolital
fice ithe ate of NeYork.
No
y d't cmit.
changin youwaysasical
caus youant tcontino
Your backgund a a lr ae.
A coicted lr to ke money
at's wt you wt to  and
that'soink
de in a vie dl on
televion.
d an a a spotn
levion'd I d't thi s
well iappes thait wil'd
yid.
to t crtnd justnatent
cembf lt yr youaid
thUnittateyou derve ple
knowhe tth.
Poibly months lat buzeed
newsan .
Th whe sryn the
untr for aouple day.
sby sry rai Janua
Januar eigeenth your unseltwentn
An wldn' conrm or ny t
story.
Th nexay the scial
unses offe disomeing
at ner hapned.
deription of specif
statemt to el
chactezati odocunts
and ttimo.
Obe
i
congreional testimon a n
accute r
n
is sry is t bigst thi
theewsn th cntryhy
didn't hdenid
sty.
caus Iidn't ink it was
hi resnsibityo dohat we
e nothe ft checrs f
zzfe on TV to tabout t
very sreoe
urtshen u wertryi to
Th you tha t Amecan
yoad theoldeppornity tth
toive tm the tthn
anyour lawye diday thi sry the o
he as auas
.
actl whayou to theudge
u we goi to do o mon
afte y saiit
do i [inauble]
y no?
reonsility to  the ft
ecker for t news encies
there isf
the on the pside say
thsand PllieI go it.
I got aeconu
fish ithairma a prett
specl calum and c add
nerone thesaid tt --e
ory w fal now y can
reond.
To my sponse Mar t
presidtn
ov ne thsand les to date.
Do Isks
e Mona doo otelesion
inrder to ce
en Misr univse re on h
lm and had n b subje you
Kn and I wld lik to ow
what te ih
An then we' goi to  to
Mier Cnell
fit inrestg S ttI jt
betwee youelf ar
lleaguhatot o questn
so far sin I'm here
That actuall why thoht I
s cong tod not to no t
nfess t miskes tt've
de Ie alrdy don tha a
ll do it ainvery te yo
ask me au.
y
mistes or say inow agand
I'm goge
pre but'm nere tod in
abou my tes.e don't ce
Th want tknow whait i
that Inowba
n
asd aut Mtrums Mist
Connly
testony andour teyearr
experice -
hink youan recnize t
Yore bngubjeed to  thehaor.
[inaible]he aie
scredi slaer [audie]
Our use anyk
sticng.yr ttimonyrom
e id tt witss would
come tus who.
d
ans thean nerellhe
trutnd the is n validit
whsoever ta sile wdhey
y.
core.iscrit ery sgle
e tri of ornize cmen
the hiory te
whs turn pendn somee
wouldake Gego.
Null and void wce
This Congrs htoricay has
reli
[inaible]shy figus
Whturned? One  theost
famous whoh
capitaonf orgazed crime
famies ii
adual here he wasitness
and heomr
imes tn you convied of
hen
So d'te food bwhaty
It idoverythg bocusnay.riend o e
the pntab ks
dividu nber o inhe
Southe Dtrictf
reca
corrtshat rrec Mr Khadoes
beenade blic.far hasot
In ourommiee sta seah of
docuntsi
Hous ther oerwi redted
orlrea ind
gushe Whi Househought
th was fny.
Th madne mtakehehite
Hous tre w a
spial sistt tthe
Houseounsel.a putyhite
sieenth twey senteen di dat may
it say ano
e
requted the meeti on
Ja Sekow.t Mhael Cohennd
ydea wh this ght
abt do y recl.
Bein ask to me tot
.
Wi Mr Sekuw.
May of twenty sentee
to ofy heir I don --
ecalbein in thehite
useith J Sekul w in
gard
V.
-- T
Th dument pductions we
my aearanc it befe the
use lect Intel --
t'm n surif tt
wh I wil do is I ll che. wha ait
Ou ally recos and'm mor
anyocumention --e y wh
respoe tthis qstio
tohed on t presublyhe
purpe o t a
.
Th occred ts meetg
occurr
st before yrestimo
is tt corrt.e inhe hsere the sen
I belie so y.
Wa that topf cversatn
Ifhis ithe scific itanceh t pre.
that I r
Selow s.
you hadonveatio wh
thprestly tha stas aut
ur iendi ttimony befor
ishat rrect thas corct.
What w te
Heanted meo coopate.
Helso wanto Jusn shor.
saidn my teimony tre is no
ssiahere ino colluon -
Ther is  -
-
hunt a it' he eshis stuff
s to d.
Didouake thoommentto
Suggtive of wha might flavobe.
ur tesmony.
for ma many nths.hato me
And a t end o w
extly wt he wted m to sa.
Th why was MisteSekulow
e meetg.
Becaus he s goin to be
person aorneysn thishis
matter -
rt of handff mcorrec-
In a way faluestno the
presentn any way fm your
pot of ew cch y
Inerms of w trest
estis orhe connt of your
commtee fore aouse
ain it'st's it' difcult
tellou wha h wts whahe
Agai Micel the's nussiaoes i.
there'o o
volvemt is no ierferenc.
Inow wha he mns becau
So if you'r aing me whher
or n ta
ayingn pnthat'she
party ne that .
toutg yes tt's t messa
Thate waee
Geanam iexpeed wh
domest.
n youust clify did youay
at at tes y would do wt
yothoughr tmp wand y
do t specically what he
At tes yo you jt went on
ur iuition
s
t my pnt mpoint
This ishis w ang
siatio at e end justtart
in a ri.
t
aladynocked i dn't start
enough a
maa and the youarly whe
re youisbarr.
the per yesteay wheshouo wt rean
you ha b.
wereiving client.ou
youruestiohow lo wereou -
unselor Mrrumpince t
thousand aeh
b
leldvicr faed tinform
him
Of hiseu
d
the casof t paynt t
ss Cliord.
When w the fst tim yod
th wouldhat quify fo
sbarme?
don' kw somof t Bar
Asciation
I thi you.
thgss goi n lt myese
lile higsixes abody-
Mistavis.or repsentinay
Kn
bodyas no e yooffeng
esti qckly -
stuly you sai ithis is
daysefor theemocrac
convenon you
f
d
beeakethatorrect.
Corrt okay wasy
id latJuly dyou ow the
Ielieve it s eherhe
ghtethr thnineenth and
I would
ess that it uld be o the
July I believe so s.ely
knledgin Je pubc
is was Mter sauge and I'd
keo subm ts unamous
nsen tsubmithis forhe
recordithoi
ster scieneporteo the
emaiould beate so I'mot
saying ym
yingave the news.
d tre'seally nomuch t
yiel t reme
.
Thank u Sir.
Mr goi UP numr qtinu
osegain early said snt
st wk lkinghroughoxes
to fd doced
suortourccusionsere
ose xes od Sir.
ere arehose boxesre in
The to orag and the o
should he beeturned over  the'st
vestigive authoties dr
to man crimina iestigaons
even st
serhesehe bes that
we returdo me
Rate ilude da ptint
crim thaou'veommitt
ov remded tinveigaten tned
authity adms
noheseoxes
Nonermaominal ichar
u ma awerhe qstio I
n't dersnd h queions
e weinauble]
od mning [audibl
Goin
rninghank you cirman
Cummin foroi
for luntily tesfying is
mornin
calli youere t
ecute ve predent and
spial cnsel forhe tmp
ganitionorre
I wa the execuve vie
esidts buslounc to
And scial couel mnsou're
the atta
ght.
Ju mea I washere iorde
hane mters tha he lt
were snifit
toim iividlly.
d the ilude lal mters
faliar wh lel dumen're
agementsrndy a is thnowsonisclue
righyes.
r I sur y kno thaNDA
propey wttenn sce.
Cane reasobli
.
crte a chiing effecto
silee pele
we' seen th me to mo
men and a other plas isn'
Yesrig MisteKhan.
Mr cl in t trump
ornizatiays.
Extensely isn't that
rentashitonost aicle a
gardg t lanage in onef
ese tes of die ETS where
Therms condentlnstae. ry
informion
Wasefint
inclingut not limit.
To anynforme
the psonal lif pitical
affair ai
ofr tmp
a famil mber clouote
those ter soundamilr to
u I' seethe cument.
form tmp camign wkery ft tre's n
ssic Dson thathisDA
langge illegt
isoo bro. Too vue
d wlde used tretalie
agnst empyees who cplaine
he legityr wrondoing.
Would you e
ofhe And ofheseypesf
lauage's wh th typof
sougo enfoehem.he Dond Tmp
That he intend tt
t
[inaible]ngdng
Ye.
Wouldou agr tt the
effecte thd
pele or silce tm fr os
I ologe --.
I' n sur --o nd cllin
st sp th he uld
trto kp pele sent.sallytse MDA'g
Thatas t goa.
Anothing a t tru
unlet was n thrgh
present Dond Tt
th's a 100certn.
Mr Coh do u belve tt.
Eierrom th presint's tod.
busine oper.
tell theirtoriesf wronging
beuse ohe predent's use
ofnd DA'agait th
I'm sry Sir done
Sear [audie]ueion.
I have coup oer queions
for yo whe washe lt
mmunicion with president
umpr soone acting ohis
belf.
on'tave th scific de
ti fra.you he a geralut itas aw.
I wld susct tloseome
thin t month pt t rai.
Ofy on my ho oyo hel
rly ll olastear.
Generally genald
he o his-
actulyomethi thaseing
vestigatight n by the
Sohern Dtrictf New rk.
d I'vbeen aedy them-
t toiscu andot choos
Is tre anytherronging or eugh.
Thou areware o regding
Dold Tru tt we hen't y
there part of endgain
loed aty thSoutrnlyeing
Distct oew Yk.
Si-
ngremanoopersked you
out --
Whetr you oere u aware of
y phycaliolee commied
by presinte
uple qck qstions
y have y knowdge o
prident tru abung any
contlledubs
.
present tmpeing dinquen
on any ar
f
.
Do youave a knowled of
priden tmp arrging a
Thanyou yielbackhank y.
Thank you chairman
goingan you tel me th
gnificce of y
New Yk f theecorwt
r
.
Mateity rsin.
Okayhis mo states tt yo
cresver erio of seral
yesou'rotivedo do s
ersona gre and reatey
look usehee
r deceive in.
Heoes on to yhat
Yowere
at the eac invved ty
re dtinct in th harith
chactestics andhey iolve
deceptnh
a
-
n
rerds tthisnvestition
re's whawe do no w know
at y wer expting a j at
the iteouse aidn' get
your cse aess ttheo
presidt youavf
lyin for pernal gain
cludin.
at'sanks aboour
Ameran pple.ongresthen
Th Southn Distrt of Ne
didll thi at a ind lalty
to Mtrug
lolty is Cin sgest Cin
s dren by desi to
Ingriate hself with
tentl fure psent for
hos piticalaid scess
llinhimsf clmed edit.
r nowe'rin aearch r
truth
And I dw
e
trhn th quairef the
can bri beforthiss aeadywe
be convied
Of lyingefore .
And wha
pele havseen thiplay out
Inromint pitiopl.
theet book al nowou're
seto goTo to il for
We ce outith a ltiillionyears.
ok dea that'that'sot bad
a ve in.
Anoy queson is  wl
Todas-
ll youoday tcommito
bo dea to lm revieodona a furero
charit
w.
Thk y Michaor the Gini -
Helpithw
m
gentman wi yieldo Mist
meadow
Jim minut maiandustoing --
Sat on if may fish my
hiMistohen a tse yie
lett mig my sponse
sten.
trim and finis my sponse oce to
to ren
ease.
Mist Misteohen everying's
en mad ofouries in the
past.
Offet
lyingithern the ttimony to
earer todayr whenou
ll outhe form.
Mr cling youaynsweris
esti ahen wteve you
nt to ay ons he is th
hi queions unftunaly
n't ve iit's for his
estion
t as a re I no nno n no
don runhat Mter
Relasn ait.
To the Gern is t ofrder
d Iou sd heoes t ha
Wi a d resct Misrewen awer.
didn haven aner. heairm holdn oa
Anyourovernmt on or your
He's uerath to te the
aner auestn I jtme to
queson Mter aira
qution.
Mist askin Mr gog thankou
r youromposu tod our
you ld to Cgressor theause
prident.
They'rupsetecauseou sp
toyingo Congss t
presidentowou'vd
thtrum campan is onc i
lifeti money makin
oprtunit the greest.
Inmerciaf all me I tnk
you sa.
An this maye theost
transitbservo
d tesmony d youhinkhe
trump cpaic
.
Mang mey forhe predent
hifamily yes
When dt steing tha e
?
And iwhatt beco aboutt
ouwhat to  here  figinghat pnt.
Washinon.
n you carully expined to
paents to ren McDgalnd
stor Dielu
cahingill is.ed wt
Sht.
I recved a pne cal
Bo Karen McDgal as ll as
stmyaniels oiously
fferen times.
thatere gog to bessues
magi to Mr tmp
stard in twentelevenheny Danls t
sheantedg
remod fmhe webte.
Attoeyidsoer tn actg wh
itaken dn fr theebsi.ln having
Byroun theimef theg by
mpaiid they me bk an
ey a [inauble]
Wh are y gng to  now
causshe'?
Ba on therail tingo se
At wch poi itying Dav
***n behff thnation
Reacd out
her a herttory inrder
to g takee
deteorest.
Th wou prohathe w
tellg thtrut.
Td
e
trh at whh poi aga all
e time s took a lieetecto
testllo
st a was see b.
emploe of t natnal
At whi poi itime wen
raig into Mr trump offic
I explns
dierent tha ather te okay
at wheyouay difrent
otherime werr
menaid sexua hushoney by
Donald n
Stanrd opeting proosis s
caseereakinglace I'm not
awef anyf the cahat
ump
KarecDouga he was sposedo e
to p
was sposed tpay aundred
McDoal.or whaver tnolls
asonay bee eleedot t
pay iavid *y
moes that Did hxpend
onis balf
Unfounatel Dav nev got
id bkitheror Dav *-*-
d don thiin othases of
Othe sort of so circutancesmtre.
yes o
Are a you aref anytng
that t pre-
s dont he orbroad and
that mayavt
r mayubjectim to tortio
or black.
I amot no
ay -- Are
yoware of anyideoapes
that m behf
I've heabout the tap f
lon te I'vead maneople
I he n reasoo belie that
th tapexists in cemb t
thound fis
p
withelix ser convied
felond rlstr
he repedelix lateroy.
Ha to ev thiboutt I'm
no that filiar th the--
y didhe tru endearo
hide his relx
relaonship?w his
Welle certnlyad
lationip Felas a ptner
in aompanyalled bayock
thatas ino
e trp soho hel.
trumort Laerdalerojectll a Ielie
yid he wao distce
himsel tt'shatu
e
Thingso bad for seone andt
that d
.
abt tru's notiaons togss
bud -- s
Moscow tow becau he de t
earo you at hwanted you
live o of t reaso y
ewhis is becauuote
revied a edite my stement
Congrsboutheiming o
e Mosc tower negottions
beforeavi
-
AnI justant  geto th
facts hehicc
yourtatent. a chang toe
ting the queionf huch
ti has exped y maynswe
at the werehere were.
Seral chang that were made
How we wereoing to handle that
ssag?
gro tt wee fishe yes
t the messa of crse
bein -he
lethf ti tt t tru
toweoscowrojetaye and
Th wasne othe angeyes
Yeirst oall likeo
clea up methg l
-
Yo started offourestiny
and youan
respse to me queion
his of rule e
tion Iish it s but it's
no.
I'dike to yiel some me --
congressm Jorn
ur to theollarrom Nth
Caroli andn
aske befe wit regdso
your fsetato
suitteTo Cgress.
it asked forontrac wit
reign entits
Over t last t yearsy
foren eities wre tre i
noars wita
Your tesmony elier saithat
yohad coractwith tm.
Inact youante a tse are
I bieve is becae abo
loying I d no loying o
to.
I'm notsk abo lobing
stical andhey e not
Have --agenc.
Int on trk trad comnies
do you hc
curreny hav no fo did you
have forgnontrac over e
last t ys
reign ntractontrac wh
foreigntite
jues yes yes why did y put
on ts for f theast tm
years why d.
Becae the feign.
to a novernmt comnying
govementalr goiou se
gornmeal.  is bng n
its say forgnountes dy f an ency
you wa us I
Iead i andt waseviewe
by mouns n
lobbng.ploes it was n
d thre n hasothi t
doith lobbyg a
t
al you forgn contrts.
That'shat .
hofull I wl amdedrior
leang becse that' not
th way Iead yr docent i
yoknowt's jus oneore
ampl Mr Coen.
viou guaing t tru oka
We you aised orhat is yogne as .
counse r
t
possle dat is Joh dean sd
last n.
Were you aised or sour
unse aisedo wihold your
wrtenestiny to th
At theatest posbleate to.
t ito this comttee a t
dean sd th he adved y.
ner adved mwithohn dn.
I'everpoke wh Jony
attoey I I don't I've never
o'clk c youell mehatight.
u'veeen mingor som te
I madnd wha
We we workg till eleve
elve olockast nig t
nishvery so y werwritg
last ght  goi
naudib]
To all.
wermade andt'sll the
I' sor tha youiste
airm.
Mr Coh
Novber twohousd an
In aawsu reledo theru
inrnatnal hot and ter in
Dung the dositio presint
knowdge ofelixeder.
A ssian bneal tate
develor and cr
the Rsianafia.
Whaccordg to ess repor
eduilt foris rol i
foy milln sto manipatio
scheme?
Its wth notg awell
publized a dip
tween the Rsianafian th
Kremn
intected wit convictmp
ssian mobst Fix satyr.
trum testied to thuote
t ma.
whate look like [audiblow
Mrohens you evious
present tru new cvicted
Russn mon
two ousa and trteen en
he made t.
Yes.
Ist it tru tt bause o i
cars relatnship to e
trump gani.
e
wao tr to enty sixour's
impoant r
n
present umpe f as
In ft hffic whe h lef
It iitlso true tt
convted Rusan r
advir tDonaldrumpsenior
rertedy The Whington Post
Dionvict Russianobster
ser the rtor hisfficno
he didot.
bed on the fact.
Isn'tt truthatt
trp.
Misledt best or rst e
under ]
l
]
Ann Deceer two tusand
askeagaindent tru was
out h relatnship t
saty by porteror t Mr
Hetatequot.
Feliseder boy.
I hao even tnk aun
.
added quote I not tt
Mist Cohnhere would we nd
siness recds tt elain
e present' ratiohipo
the nvicte r
Fex sor wou tho be in
e trumorgazationiles
file ty woul be cecs tby in t ts
y rochich was t namef
this tsay -
I spec hont to sa there
email add
In pitio --
Ofr saty.
An whe yay in ssessi
of the trum.
y
Upn box -obly b.tow
Ofsite they ha stoge
facili tt ts
convicted aussian mster
sede do h
g
mobsrs predent tmp may
ha.
I am n aware
it uehat ma pple wh
ties to ssit
uslly forash a i so
Si I'm n awaref any --any a we n
Th stementhat w y're
Oligchsndamil mbers obyuingo I e
ump prerti.
I'not are o tt can tell
yowhen y sayashean
ruleg in th a schelf
t answe i Ie never seen
th happe I've eve heaf
it I wilel
tmp's propeyn Palm
ach.
dollsame in byireiny fiveillion
d tt cam from --
Mier Bolia wasnother
regaing. t campantiatis
Of the trump towern Mos-
n
thos to get the negottions
an if  how dyou kn.
Well.
Thenswer is yts i
Follps a to at'ss iwas
cuently hpeninghat wt's
ppenin wit Rsia meange
wantede ts
.
e proem with is is at
the pject e
beusehey were unabl Maid
s uble tprovid me with
oof that sebodywned or
corolledhe pie o pperty
ate ca actlly build on
Germs te
.
-
Whyid M truhoose to hir
youndhyiu
u
rfor fro?
Ion't kw soou wou have
Well --mhat qution.
ba chacter y've aitteto
that or .
Yo havno idewhy  cho to
hi you
Inwo tusand dix Ias
ked bdon jior to me meet
th hisather I d h the
follow up d
ta a loo at an issu that.
Wa ourring atrump world
it a I fou thatheokednto
stementshat wi the brd
Antheeasonon cam tme isith ming.
cause I hn aparent the
for vestnt my rentad an
artmenherey in ls liv
a big blo fro a from a
brokereoma
goodrice oeach ut
boar aecamectuall tvethee]
Of bause the out ofontrol
spendie
.
a
wiin aeare h.
Plus mlionollarsersu
minu.
e the th endf t day Mr
umpppreated thand h
test me withs
hane a prlem that
Don juni had-
-
relve ttnd then  top of
trp had aede ttake
ok at thehird
Chter elen reornizaon
because h f
quesonshat ante
answed rd the two
Ga him tnswe thae
needed
ti Ias sitng in hioffi
If wasappy atheleep o
rmhat Iasith I sd y
sdould yathework
fomeice ou offer me
job.
Yeah ande've notiad
actuly nev wy
ficeart.
Bu youuggeed tt th
presidt
metimesommucateis wiss
indictlyF.
ote Mr tru did nirectl
Cayouxplaow heoes tsndtell me te
I saidhat' theices looki
e Iever en.
n't
Whato yoneedou c fig
withim
e answ's no six hs the
cestooki tiredf
receivg
gi you queions he esn'
giveou oes
I
undetandhe ceecau I'v
been arod a
It you pciou that other
o wo for h underand th
code as ll
we suld -- don'tnow whher
Beeve yotoday.
But I'goingo ask -
.
?
t
r
I
What the tth thahe fea
Andgain I d't know ether
shod belie yearoday b
Ion'tven ve at's aon sry
esti.
Whatrincips havou chon
to folw ie
[inaible]
And if yoish toollow
dierent incipl now.
I'lways ied to be aood
pers I'vta
.
Thou in many I thi over
suort. To e senncinjudge.rty st
I he ft
r
samexact w --minut the
mistes absutelye die mak
I'm gonnaay the e
Put..
Atll I wouldike tdo ibe
ableo
prty much whe I'likeo be.
throhout your le I I do aIf y fe
I'm I tryg very hdhank
u f your estion is se
the oer oneir.
Reallyake itiffiy
Ofut yhomedemion.
I am trng.m Imrying.
ere thk yothanyou
[inaible
Michle
ank yoMisterhairman.
I wt to meia
testonyormothe trh in
he t menon was aund
ethert tal about that
foignntitiet all and the
qution is in fac wheth
paymts origitingithtsr
foren govern.
enties so Mier Coh whatmt
With your attoeysnd i you
thatou do that bore the as
nclusionf todas hearing.
Ilso I l
distct didot ce he for
rtis bicring a fac I
active want.
hen askhese qstions
has aendetta again the
prident
It's as seone who ces fm
e
whwore aoath to ey the
orrs of th predent of e
United Sh
mylf.
Andvery sine othe pson up
thconstution othe Uned
States.
Myr
commder i chiefeheir
th theaw of e la res
leve of ougovernnt.hestl.
So I a thesep
deteine wheer ourerywn
priden comtted fony
offi incding eorts t ova
nceal payntshat were
elecon.eehe ocome of anic
Iope to god thats not e
case.
So y
t
Mister Cen pai a hundr
thty thoand doars t
Sthani Cliord to since
her dung n
presentialampaig
nonprot watchdog called
comi becauiled a complntomm caul
withhe e
an F allinghe paynt to
mi Cliffd m he
represted an illed
ntribuon to th tmp
campaign.
I asked tt thr colaint
tered to the recd.
Onebruar trtey
sent a stemento theou
rerter thataid quo I use
facitate payme o ato
hundreand thid
e
Clford aeitherhe tru
ganizaonorhe tru
campai was parte
With miss awford and eithe
imburs me fotheayment
eitherirecy
s the atemen false
atemen inot fse I
purposyeft outp
invidual frothattatent.
ayut whyid youay it at
way.
Becae thas what wa
scusse to  betwe mysf
tmp and An Wei work so
it wasars
Grea.
Is a gwn up a repter for t
repoed that entervied
u've been ryext dayn
Febrryourtny
reimbursent and sherote
que.
La Febaryourteeh I
inrviewe co in  ihis
offi abo t statente
gave theECndd
t
orm me paymt or rmburse
em fort.
Your cl this mting wh te
rerter.
I .
The rert ao wte trunk
caedhile Ias the I
coul't heauch b he wante
to govec
.
present call u what y're
ving aeetingith th
Did theresint cal youo
Courtn ong
Clifrd's i or arnd Februy
twentys
at d the predent askr
ggest that u saybout t
He w not knoedgeablef
Thisovie. say at.o hethese reiut
persal cheor thiy fiveiono the
Twty sevteens ther.
dition corrorating
eviden tt Mrrumpill a
siing presint ofhe Unid
States du
a
sche to olateampaig
nance laws.
The are elevecheckshat I
reived for t year
The rson whels
statedefore onead two
chks.
And yo have ciesf a o
trumllleven ecks tt Mries
om provide to yo as pt of
th crinal seme it'either
fr hisersona accnt a w
monstred ithe exbit. F
wouldome fr theonald J.
ump aounthe tru accou
thremader  my timed bk
[inaudle]
Give
.
Up ill on dtanc it here
I'new tohe committeen our
attoey.
Sometis jrnal yr answs
yoI
dot kn - better aorneI
I'lookg tough tsaw.
Yo comg he a you rai o
the prents
Ancrosheacif Oceover.
trng tnegotie dea to
make this world safer.
ha thicommtee at this me.
ju a I thi a n predent.
But youes
-
d Il telyou tpack his
charternd t
th psentee presidentt
o'sery conders trng t
makehis cnr
.
An and a f you cingnto
unlievle rl rentancance
an andon'ton'tome backld .
here a mas
warda man o cat.
subsntia looki her fro
the remksf
.
the whh glty was far
ofhe lauhers sel serving S.solae
fincia instutis elier
testony I u
sa
Thenly ia homequit loa
t aprent the procuto
in Yk storhe
otr finaial thingthat y
did.
Helsohat ey sd maged
to cmit sera
a
censttory an upstaing
meer othe ba -
Alsohe Sthernistrf
osecors sai --
Rotate youonscus o
stng- S tblame others is
Ifou he a sen ofpriden.
tegryhat you' tryg to
tells yohaveow
It was that bad wu
leave if you want youant sck
ere' becau finanal
ason y had wayo lee
yourttory --
d so at juskinda.
u kwt presee worng
li to  youe trying to save
facend t oth questio
th camoutere w
Look le to  youe t
-
Luative dealt so poi in
ur le that youon'took
of lk f dealhaveome pe
hacomep a there beef  queionss
talk aut mbes
d stfnd a andou sd
ere s se diussisith
y of the dcussns tha
u or yr atrneys had.
With membe of ngress a
stafor pr-
Toonvie conderaons t
favor oth cn
e
the we this th.f coue
Original.
cou notpeak aboutt t
reest of weath washe
specia count
otr ancie incding the the
useelec Iel
Or the Sate lect Iel-
Sirust for yr persal
naudle]
I waaske to me her --
afr a if you believe tt o
myire s
policalheatsrf yo
In sayg anying nativee it's t pl
out Mrump youe met h
I'veeen wh himor or a
diers wi him'v snt
doesn mak meelood
out at's going onere a
Inront of the worldeing cd.
hilucrive boodeal none ofth
which have comebout.
I think you tt you'll be
pretty good in abo five ars
areou a pernal timeo th
Ihank y Joh for ylding-
campgn.aid u startethe
yo starthe camignor inwenty even
presidt I std
Trp I rtaiy did r.
I saw aocumt ithes m ide.
yovote f in 201%. would
Sa Michaichael a 16% and
ea arod --
Take look at thias wel
wodhat bereatndith
that iwhere  .
r
g
ke tt unl yocameo I
Get a cond gotightecon --
at didou talto MShipp
abt?
I spok tMr Schf abou
pics.
[inaible] were gog to be
acally wt you'r gng tow a
lk about the Gman te
expidhile Ms
-
ank u Mier Clins.
kno thether se is
suggting that-
.
incrigibleirin tt
you' lyi here.
t
.
wa going to  fse tesmony
t
at wasonna b proded.
wa going to  fse tesmony
No Sow itas theoalas
at wasonna b proded.
to sy on mes
No Sow itas theoalas
p
to sy on mes
-
Usehort there no Rusan
contac isi
That that' the messa that'
thsame messa thaxisted
ll befor Mdi need to co
and ttif.
e
th idea this.
is menlity ofour to the
ne
narrive othe daor t of th
mis. Fotheears gonna be
youow ttt
relts .
[iudibleony  not
And I now sfering and Ine.
gonn contie to suer for a
resu of  so s mily aa
Qukly borey timexpir.
And y may t
knledge ofome othes
thin wchre offing u
me verhelpfu --
Pepectivon how.
Th trump wor orates and
frany and
yo tesmonyairlyompellg
Is becau a lotf t this
you'reesc.
descbing ivery constent.
th wt well s ery
sing d
So it' nor
To aive ithe sa pla
persptive-
I'm interted innome of the
activ-
mmittehe inauratn of
the pridenta
-
Thatppeare-
In pro pubca theatcho
oup.
out som negotiaonn
Hol olooklikeinaudie]p.
The theentg
otedas
Subsntiay even ublehat
youy
accordg to wt the rket --
Should brinaudie]
And sin efft in
at therump hel was
arging to thinaural eve I
couldne
emting yh.
have sense owhethe ttyou
kind o a pe
sometng tha -
constent or incsisten is
it posble th kind ut
chargi coul-
side a tmp opetion.
It didt didad
to you is Iasn't partf the
inguralommitt --
I raed lot omone f the
Bu I w not pt of iand it
wa.
A lotf this in thactuall
atssue is sothinghat's
Obvisly wve rea about in
thpape bngnvesgated at
th curre momen tnk y
Thk y Misr chrman M
sohat. so  hearto tellou
And'm sor forhat yo
familyl
r yo famy.
The wd tel ulearly tha
mas mou this is deructio
d his ls.
th howev I must ll youinis ul.
th --
Arrest sever thousd men.
In.
Thones tt immedtely ce
home ane .
Athat ti therectuall
oked.
Andhen turno thr foerccerad
So.k othe reet [audie]elves.
Reectful to yo familwhat
th're ing rough.
thathat's  sensef you od
Sir
m gna giv y anoth
oprtunit trespon.
Wh yourushed o earer
regardg youo
s testony
om C.pan notion atwo
hours andifn
]
Regaing yrredibity that
no cdibili thais ectly
week searcng box To fis
e infoationhat Iid.
So y d't havy
wo.
docunts a mak yr ow
desions n t documt
you're rerring
s
of it tho documts to dwha
that to u tdecide I askou
ainirnd pase don't be
credouss a riou
Docunts wthyf evidce t
be psentey
ha they t been.
Turnedver tinvein
the ny crinal actities
tche alledly cperati in
ere e tse box who knows
ofhe whe isis tasur of
evence
is that wern myaw officeeing to
whenheBI eered andeize
cumes Misr chaman I whe
thdarkays of ted with eI wa amon
gentman .
An that tions beaken for
the box to beees t
Warrt sned by sitti
dge.
[iudiblenoted earlr toy
Mr ge.
Quting gdually did onef my
As wdermen. -rdi the
Do your precame could
poibly getou on levion
Charlot John tevisn
toyas it t Sir.
rrown telisio
reesenti Mr tru goi back
Twen elen but didn't knownto.
Unl unt they d hpyy.
rad youome.
Mostf Ameraidn't knou
wo h manttorneysou
righ now a I uerstanpe Misr droh
u're ting toet outf it.
Yore in bind.
BuI ask u goodir
ve y disssed filand bo
als.
attoey Mter Das Lannuard
vis.
Wi Miste Davisou kno but
ve bn appached byany
boeals mie deals and s o
says hen
erican.
Bu itid it ads meack.
my insnct
e
Tonef cose of  caree
Mist chairn.
-
net anthatre thaare
ere arprimy herenTo
introduce tht
n
Congss themerican ople.
As mifest
naudle]
viouslis.
Th is a aempt.  inje
ou predent allayomeort o
ft corrstone f futur
peachmt procding
is is e fullntent
he morit ial Marade
inhirtsecoson
mber.
Mieronnor you said t
ited Stes Sthern Disict
Nework iot accure an
at steme
sa that t Unite Stasa earer y
Southe Dist.
yoaid 's n accate uot l
stand  that.
s do notant role ithe
new adniste
cot t o Sir canonnectn
concer pl.
I
waed tre is no she in
ing peonal attney tthe
I g exact what Ianted I
he gav it  me all I'm askg
me i e
at pern w chaman.
Yore sayghattatent
om t souern distuing
rk attneyssrong'm
saying dn't itd
.
Throhout.
I ank yo. O of th most
siifican event in th lt
esidenal camign ocourse
Coittee dped by wikilks
clinguring youopeng
statemen -
Whic isnt ahe hghtf
th.
Youre actlly mting with
nald Tmpnuly.
Twenty sixen whenogertone
Andellr trump tt he h
justpoke ta
ishat crecthat isorre
l rht a youaid tha M
sign s tolMr tmp.
out aupcomi qting your
eningtateme quo masve
dumpf emails tha would dage
llarlint's campan.
I wto as y aboutoger
prident first flow up th
that on speer phoneo y
indicateim
a
-
Hesest quit oen becau
of all thes
twty ninetn The w Yorr
Timeaskedrp
e
predent tmp ansred and
I quo.
No I dn't never di.
s that atemen bpresidt
Andan you pase dcribeor.
us to the bt o you
colleconou weresent.
Exacy wha M sne sd to M
trum.
It d
you id Mr trump just nna
in a cple of ds tre'sgenf
emai.be aassiveump of
That'soingo serely ht
e Cnton campan and whe
isr tru a Mr atone aware
ofhere .
That I not aref didr
trp
er sugst tn or ler. To
brche nev eressed that
the esiden
Indite an arenes thahis
conducwal
e reas I as becau on
Ju twey send on th evef
wikiaks pubsheds you owtheemocrn
the tweyd
inrnal D email.
Cod yreeting wh Mr tru
ve beebeforehat da
[iudible
s
M tmpas awa ohe up
ming down
Before iactual happed.
.
-
w
orotnd I d't belve he
dump of ails a heas awae a
th bore t dump ourred
oser allight in ar the
any rordsd
corrorate tay of thi
meetincalen.
I' not i posssion but I
th speci couns. pt of
roomuring e callt ithe.
don't call f thisne no
Si
the anye elshe
th presint's kwledf the
e wikiaks eml dump
again whe he calle.
Rhona Gffelr
ump Rors onle.
One ich was rular pctic
yesren't in durg news
coerence on ly twent
venth tnty sieen th
publly appead.  Russi t
ck Hilry Cnton's eils
and me tm d
d Iuote Rsiaf yore
listeng.
I hope
miingthoand emls thaare
t goi bko Mr sne's
phe callo the prident
Doou recl iMr tmpad
dump at thtimeleaks
But e cl wh M sto youa.
liev usefore.
I'orry iyou tught youm
to atheriff
.
I was in rump'sffice was
in theur
.
t
rit thk yojust o last
estion-
Mr Raskihadeen king y
some queste
thgs iyour awer wa that
Mieracker --
Expend oth monies to
o
herctiviesere se there
wa this stoboutr trp
hang
But wh an eloyeend  eloye --
emoyee wksFor e compy
And treas he evato
erat w clashat h
erhear theonversion
takinglace br
trp's oer exetives a
sobody me inayingike
fiftn thsani
dero bu tha.
oryo fiut wthert was
true orot.
Anthat'sustne emple of
thin tha r
these w the rean wh.
Inhe recding
en Did was loong to become
the CEO of time magine?
were ncerd about wll
call it thf
domentshat ha been eated
er the yrs thaif hleft.
to arawernd find all thismebo cy
inrmatio so 're gog to
ok to y
lf those lifeight ao
demonrate eired wh
Th's fin Ioin Mteritorm.
comeshen heg
o
d
her ient.
I haveecordis of pelees
e
g
d you ll.
us t recding ftim I also you d'e
ineadf wring it do.g
Ifhe shoe wereeverd wouldnd it .
trusted wyer recorng y
I prably a
Si it is ntruwort is
methg peop jus wouldot
Nowou bk loans tt I jt
ran dow dt
.
Sohe bandidn't te an los.
Noo ban
fault I've ner fil
nkrupt-
The hlockou refring -
I repla that om a
Paidff tre i I oweo bas
any mey.
o
the E. yohave tsell tm so.
WellhI
do he to sl --
No I d'tndhey e thee--
of re shari.tn bauseh
Ithanged a l of ingshe
bas mak youlone again bed
on yr .
Actuly red andheys --
financhentirackage
currenyostesse
it's sll the semoun thase
I didn't
Sir.
Mo lely thedid ABon
ought  comt.
ey m haveone ttir but
at's for their oanking it
that i if th suspe you of
lyg and wch youdmitte.
To it ey e
nobeen ae tmake a ln
yment tyave aaveo have
aoan lses or thas
ndred d 2 owhat y.
Twty mlion plusohey ge twentmil-
place pla f that the
Amicanublico dealor tha
as butir.
I' not idefauland rren
on and'vey
t
lock I h mor cashitting.
Inhat sa bank.
Then lt qui aumben
th hock o my mogage I
ying havyouver en to
Prague I'vever been tPrague
atight I'vnevebeeno
Yeah mmouse tton
naudib]
This fr.
Yeme and tnk y Mn
ge fivof yr statent you
y and quoteou neeo kn
at Mr tru.
Persalawyerseviednd
ited
becse tre's aamera inse
whi-
s
tura.
I'veeard abohat tap f
year've kne
l
om a MRI -
corrt Ion'telie thation
ctio waseal and I d't
liev abody?
stru Mrs tmp eve Ion't M truver
believ.
An aou awa of yone
purcsinghat tt
beeve ias eve youever
kn sever ppleho wan t
go ted to r
would never tin my inion
an olet to no -that I'm
the a love cld.
ere is not too le tthe
be of mno y woulday off
soone.o odd numrs amore
Saide paid off seone aut aw a *.
love t
n
thsand dlars
Okay -- Ho
many tes ?
tru a y tthreen a
beha.ualr enty on s
more a hdred tes me. Tw
hundd tie
.
Ov the or the t yea or
the teneaa
n
.
-
y
n
Wh do u kn abo-
the's obab a hdredapes
th avaable tthe mmite
If you wlde
d Mr tmp datom Jefto
gavel nser.
Weouldlready.
Di M tru tapany trump.
nvertion.
Not th I'm are of .
Wery
fiveilli dolrs setemen
to trump y
e
Lee iwas M tmp don
ow t ansro thaton't
inlved in theiffentspec t answee
bunessnn Kans beita
volv in at a you
famili with a It
faliar wh th kno all
Fillyear mhirtn secos
ft wha do y want you
chdren tknow tha I'm sorry
foeverhingnd'm sry f
And wch Ian gbackn ti.m.
ank yor yr backamilie
membs of t comttee bore
go  misMiller F your
thayou n planroperl
an
a votappantlyoming .
Inbout. Teto twey mites --
ress w wouldo is we ll
d we will me back lien up
bowebegi.s after the O. S.
That tt.
Night  Thiy mir
h
.
Rit mi Milrinaudie]
One I amery o
have youn fronof thi
mmite toda.
iterankly
Thissn'the reanhe peoe
ofest Virnia nt me to
Coress.
I find ts heari not i the
Th is anoer polital ge
wi theole purpo of
If iwas not alrdy obvus
ere a membe herith
impeh presidt trp. Tngar gl i Co
achie thi gi
r
whol.ee andongresas ahi
fac they lloo far as
fronof o commiee feln
are sposedo take wt you
sa Mr Cohen at thi te.
Aboutresih
uth.
But yore abouto go tprison
folyin.
w c we beeve anhing y
Th ansrs wean't.
Why e tho in th majitys the est.
holdg th heari?
Weould be cusen aual
sues thaare fing Arica
Likeorde .
onatbstince sdrome o
impring o ng
infrtructu
steadheemocra areryin
gra at raws.
the uthe Disict of Nen
Yo jud Polly state
Cen ple guiy to a
We'l for t evasiaking
fae stementso a fincial
institio.
lega camign ntrition.
An ming fse stamentto
Ea of the cris iolve
ceptnnd eac appea to
have bn motated by psona
Th is w we havn fnt o
us tay ioue
t
evingisaxeseceingrsor
finaial stitio.
ing to ngre amo oth
coun.ne othet
s
hearg i thaMr Cenas
Bo befe a aft h wasusedis expieh
elted foriswn gre and
ofit.
d le so yesr no ansrs
a boo aboutour me wit
esidt tmp and tled.
Trumpevolutnr
g
Dold Jtrum.
Eay on whe wastillven
An thi booeal wch youad
withatchr
d
doars i't thacorrecno
more mam
Hot
?
Cen I did tn it dn
Givehat u ctt
g
.
e
arin t majorit hiven
you wlnly s
plform forou to ntin to
end ssatializ and
Dooulano pursnothers y.
book deal ous
]
I wouresu thi boo would
be aittlr
last P pit.
t your n ang my ease
someew fs
Anytng tsell bks.
Mr chaman wve d
on oerssue tha arelose
my artor tsedia
rcus.
What wastef tind mon
For a y
ploid t nam o t
esidto prote his o
namend fl hi .
It pai me tte a sitng
here aing o
s bk.
reted mtime to Mr Jdan
I thk thef
llingarlier Mister Con --
tape'm I I'm sry so can
he yarlierhe jel fro
lifornia talkbout thitape
th eletor taphat yo sd
does n exc
s
t
the trumeam s wiing to
y. To ke sure  sry about
a n exisnt tap --
ver beme pubc
No S that's not whathat
potentllyn the mart as we
that iexisw
ds.
othecatcng kl.witall the
We lookor itnd i t
tht di este wod ha
tried to op
Th
ll ste isot wth i
assu you onehing abo Mrev goturc
trp myhings he wouldever
er do mething kehat
Th wayit.
ank you Misr cirister
Coli'd le r
e
hundd and trty ousand
stor Danlsn oer toown as
purcha their t
elecon.tnty sieen
Fit aording tdocumes
filed b fedn
compy cled theentral
the rpose of ming thefortant LLt
paymen tmit
rrec aost ofhe this yes.
of cdit to ndhe accou inYou cann
the mefr
You en wed aundredhirtt
reprenting thiCliffo athousa doy
th timend wro in e memo
fid for the wf theord
coect.ine is th corct
Ca you tl uwhy youecided
use ts cplicat pross
to makthis.
We I startinan LLC is t
a phiscatemeans.
Pa f it they en it f you
dhe reaso thasedhe
home eity lin